- Things are not impossible,
they're just difficult.
(upbeat music)
Hi guys, we're ready to
start our power poses.
So whenever you're ready, set up your mat.
You'll start in a child's pose.
Bring your big toes
together, widen your knees,
walk the hands forward,
send your hips to your heels
and rest your forehead down.
And then inhale, come
forward onto your hands
and your knees, inhale, arch your spine,
lift your chest, look up, cow pose.
And as you exhale, round
and press all the way back
to your child's pose.
Find neutral in your spine.
You're going to activate your palms
and then pick your knees up a few inches
off of your mat.
Look about two feet in front of you.
Take a full breath in,
draw the low belly in.
And out, we're here for five, breathe in.
(optimistic music)
Tuck your toes and tip
your hips up and back.
Downward facing dog, good.
On your next inhale, you'll
come forward to a plank pose.
Stack your shoulders over your wrists,
and exhale, make your way
back, downward facing dog.
And then inhale, come forward to plank.
Put your left forearm down
so that your elbow goes
where your palm was,
your right forearm down.
And then put your left palm down
and your right palm down.
Downward facing dog.
Inhale, come forward to plank.
Right forearm down, left forearm down.
This time we're here for five, breathe in.
And out.
Exhale, we're coming out of
this the way that we came in.
So, right palm down and left palm down.
Downward facing dog.
Take a full breath in and out.
Inhale, let's lift your right leg up
and back behind you, down dog split.
And as you exhale, bend
your knee and open your hip.
Inhale, extend your leg
and turn your toes to face the floor.
And as you exhale, right
knee to your left tricep.
So you're crossing your
body, use your obliques.
Inhale, come all of the way up and back.
Exhale, bend your knee and open your hip.
Inhale, extend your legs,
square off your hips,
and exhale, knee to left tricep
and then take your right
foot out to the left,
go along to the inside of the left foot
and reach your left arm
straight up towards the ceiling.
Take a full breath in,
in your fallen triangle.
Exhale, bring your left palm down.
Bend your right knee, down
dog split as you breathe in.
Exhale, bend the knee, open the hip.
Inhale, extend, square off your hips.
Exhale, coming into your fallen triangle.
So right knee to your left tricep,
take your foot out to the side,
reach your left arm straight up
and now for the challenge you're gonna try
and pick your foot up off the mat.
For five.
Four.
Three, shaking is a good thing.
Two.
And one.
Left palm down, downward facing dog.
Good and then don't forget
we have another side.
You can stay in your downward facing dog,
we'll meet there.
On your next inhale, lift your left leg up
and exhale, bend your
knee and open your hip.
Inhale back, down dog split.
And you know the drill, left
knee to your right tricep.
Inhale, down dog split.
Bend your knee, open your hip.
Exhale, left knee to your right tricep.
Take your foot out to the
side, roll onto the inside
of your right foot,
reach the right arm up,
take a full breath in and
exhale, bring that palm down.
Inhale, down dog split.
Exhale, bend your knee and open your hip.
Exhale, left knee to your right tricep.
Come into your fallen
triangle and then you got it.
Five breaths, lift the left leg.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
And one.
Right hand down, downward facing dog.
Knees down and take a seat.
Thanks for joining us for our power poses.
You can add these into your flow anytime
if you wanna add a little fire.
Namaste.
(upbeat music)